Copyright Policy
IMR Media Pvt Ltd – www.defencepartners.in

This copyright policy sets out how users are permitted to use our content and also explains the types of use that require the purchase of additional licences. This policy forms part of our terms and conditions. Thank you for reading this policy. We reserve the right to change our copyright policy from time to time by publishing an updated policy on www.defencepartners.in which shall become effective and replace any previous policy with effect from publication. This version of the copyright policy was published on 1 May 2020.

What is copyright?

Copyright law gives the copyright owner the exclusive right to control the use of copyright protected works. All of the material published on our website and other digital/wireless platforms is protected by copyright law and should only be used as set out in the “How may I use Defencepartners.in content?” section below. Use that is made without our permission may therefore infringe our copyright which can result in personal and corporate liability. Where we state below that something is not allowed or permitted, then to do so is a breach of our terms and conditions: that is, it is a breach of contract, and may also violate copyright law.

How may I use deefencepartners.in content?

All IMR Content belongs to IMR or its licensors who own all intellectual property rights (including copyright and database rights) in the IMR Content and any selection or arrangement of the IMR Content. No intellectual property rights in any Content are transferred to you. You may not use "Defence Partnership Days"  for any purpose of your own events or publication.

You may do the following:

View our content for your personal use on any device that is compatible with www.defencepartners.in (this might be your PC, laptop, smartphone, tablet or other mobile device) and store our content on that device for your personal use;

Share links to articles by using any sharing tools we make available.

How may I republish or redistribute defencepartners.in content?

As long as you do not create a Substitute, you may Publish online, the your participation in Defence Partnership Days ewvent.

Copyright Over Software

Copyright in any software that is made available for download from www.defencepartners.in belongs to IMR. Your use of the software is governed by the terms of any licence agreement that may accompany or be included with the software. Do not install or use any of this software unless you agree to such licence agreement. IMR is not responsible for any technical or other issues that may happen if you download third party software.

COPYRIGHT POLICY

If you are notifying IMR MEDIA PVT LTD of alleged copyright infringement, please be sure to provide the following information:

* A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
* A description of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
* A description of material that is claimed to be infringing and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
* Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and/or an electronic mail address;
* A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law; and
* A statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party has the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed.

