IMR Media Pvt Ltd
defencepartners.in

Terms of Use

The DEFENCE PARTNERSHIP DAYS 2024 event organized by IMR Media Pvt Ltd (Organizer) will take place at the Manekshaw Centre, New Delhi on 28-29 Nov 2024. In case of circumstances beyond the control of the Organizers (referred to as force majeure), the Organizer may choose to change the dates or the venue of this event or cancel it after notifying the participants.

defencepartners.in is operated by currently provides by Organizer under the terms and conditions primarily set forth in this Terms of Use. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS OF USE.

Subject to the Terms of Use, the Organizer grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, conditionally revocable right to access, use and privately display this Web site for your legitimate personal and/or business needs. Any other use of this Web site is expressly prohibited and constitutes a material violation of the Terms of Use. Prohibited uses include, without limitation, using email addresses obtained from this Web site for solicitation purposes of any kind, directly or indirectly, the use of data mining, robots or other similar data gathering and extraction tools, and making any derivative works based, in whole or in part, on any portion or all of this Web site.

You must be 18 years or older to use this Web site. Organizer reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove the Terms of Use, in whole or in part, at any time without prior notice or liability. Your continued access or use of this Web site after any such change, modification, addition or removal of the Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance thereof. Further, Organizer reserves the right, at its sole discretion, and without prior notice or liability, to terminate, modify or add any features to this Web site at any time.

LIMITING ACCESS

Organizer reserves the right, as its sole discretion, and without prior notice or liability, to limit or terminate your access to this Web site and you agree to abide by such limit or termination.

USE RESTRICTIONS

You agree not to modify, add or delete any content on this Web site, without the express written permission of Organizer. Further, you agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this Web site or access thereto by other users. You agree not to resell or otherwise exploit for commercial purposes, directly or indirectly, any portion of this Web site, the services offered on this Web site, or access to this Web site. You agree that information you provide to this Web site or the manufacturers and distributors whose products are present in any online catalogue of this Web site will be true and accurate to the best of your knowledge, and that nothing you provide shall be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing on the rights of, or otherwise injurious to person or property, including, without limitation, software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other malicious code. You also agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the source of the information you provide to this Web site or to the manufacturers and distributors whose products are present in any online catalogue of this Web site.

LINKING TO THIS WEB SITE

You may link to this Web site, so long as it does not portray Organizer or its affiliates in a negative manner or otherwise portray its services in a false, misleading, derogatory or offensive manner. Further, the linking site must not contain anything illegal, false, misleading, derogatory or offensive, and no express or implied affiliation with Organizer may be indicated without Organizer's express written permission. Organizer reserves the right to require that you remove any link to this Web site for any reason, and you agree to carry out the removal immediately. Unless specifically set forth in writing by Organizer, any link to this Web site must not appear prominently on the linking site so as to confuse or mislead users as to the affiliation, sponsorship, etc. of Organizer and the linking site.

OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERY

This Web site is owned and operated by Organizer.

You may view, download, print and retain a copy of pages of our Web site only for your own legitimate personal and/or business needs. Except as expressly provided above, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, republish, license, post, transmit or distribute any information from our Web site in whole or in part without our prior written permission. If you wish to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on our Web site you may contact us at contactus@imrmedia.in. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

“IMR”, the Organizer design and flag and other marks appearing on this Web Site are trademarks of Organizer. Marks without the registration symbol are either under application for registration are considered to be common law marks of Organizer. You agree not to use any meta tags or other hidden text utilizing Organizer’s name or any of its trademarks without the express written consent of Organizer.

© 2024 IMR MEDIA PVT LTD. All Rights Reserved Throughout the World. Organizer claims a copyright interest in each page of this Web site and the Web site as a whole, as well as in the individual content, including, without limitation, any catalogue as a whole and all search forms (but excepting any individual catalogue information in the form provided to Organizer, which is the property of the various manufacturers and distributors providing such information for this Web site), all of which is protected by United States, India and international copyright laws. No portion of this Web site or the Web site as a whole may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Organizer.

You acknowledge that the information Organizer has about its users, including, without limitation, names, email addresses, usernames, passwords, site usage history, etc., is governed by its Privacy Policy and may also be a trade secret. In addition, you acknowledge that any information Organizer has about the aggregate usage of this Web site and any agreements Organizer has with manufacturers and distributors providing content for this Web site are also trade secrets.

GENERAL

If any court of competent jurisdiction deems any provision of these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, then that provision shall be enforced to the extent possible to effect the intent of the Terms of Use, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

The headings in this section of the Web site are intended solely for convenience and are not considered to be terms within the Terms of Use.

The Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between Organizer and you with regard to your access and use of this Web site, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, in connection herewith.

NO WARRANTY/DISCLAIMER/LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES

Technical data and statistical information contained in any electronic catalogue of this Web site have been derived from information supplied by the respective manufacturers and distributors. Although we believe that the information supplied is generally correct, we do not assume any responsibility whatsoever for its accuracy. The data and information contained in any electronic catalogue are intended for use by persons possessing technical skill and knowledge. Conditions of use of the items listed in any electronic catalogue are beyond our knowledge or control and consequently we assume no liability whatsoever for results obtained or loss or damage incurred as a result of application of the data or information presented. Users of any electronic catalogue do so at their own risk. In addition, we assume no liability and make no warranty with respect to claims of patent, trademark or copyright infringement or other similar claims which may arise out of or in connection with the use of any data, information or items listed in any electronic catalogue.

THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND IMR MEDIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INLCUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIEES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO ORAL ADVISE OR WRITTEN OR ELECTRONICALLY DELIVERED INFORMATION GIVEN BY IMR MEDIA OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PROVIDERS, MERCHANTS, SPONSORS, LICENSORS, OR THE LIKE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE WEB SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

IN NO EVENT SHALL Organizer BE LIABLE FOR ANY INJURY, EXPENSES, PROFITS, LOSS OR DAMAGE, WHETHER DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANYTHING ON THIS WEB SITE OR ANY PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN ANY ELECTRONIC CATALOGUE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

If, despite the language of the Terms of Use, Organizer becomes liable to you for anything arising out of or related in any way to your access, use or inability to use this Web site or any product described in any electronic catalogue, then Organizer total liability to you shall not exceed the total payments actually made by you to Organizer or INR 500, whichever is greater.

INDEMNITY

You agree to indemnify and hold Organizer and, where applicable, its parent, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents and employees, as well as manufacturers and distributors whose content appears on this Web site, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, made by any third party arising out of or related in any way to your access, inability to access or use of this Web site, or any breach by you of the Terms of Use.

THIRD PARTY SITES/EMAIL

As a convenience to you, Organizer may provide on this Web site one or more links to third party Web sites and/or provide email contacts respecting third parties. Organizer makes no endorsement of such third parties, nor any representation or warranty regarding anything that takes place between you and any such third parties, including, without limitation, visits to third party Web sites, email correspondence with third parties, and business or other transactions with third parties found through this Web site. Please understand that such third parties are independent from and not controlled by Organizer, even if, for example, a Organizer link or logo appears on a Web site linked from this site. It is up to you to take whatever precautions are necessary in order to protect against viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other malicious code.

INTERNATIONAL USERS

This Web site is controlled, operated and administered by Organizer from within India. Organizer makes no representation that this Web site is available for access or use at other locations outside India. However, any access or use from outside India is still subject to the Terms of Use. Access to this Web site is expressly prohibited from territories where this Web site or any portion thereof is illegal. You agree not to access or use any information or materials on this Web site in violation of Indian export laws and regulations, or in violation of any laws or regulations in the country from which you are accessing this Web site.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT ON WEB SITE

IMR MEDIA is a distributor and not a publisher of the content supplied by third parties on the Web site. IMR MEDIA does not have editorial control over such content. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of the content expressed or made available by third parties, including merchants, suppliers, providers, sponsors, licensors, or any customer or user of the Web site, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not of IMR MEDIA or its affiliates or any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents. Neither IMR MEDIA nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents, nor any third party, including any merchant, supplier, provider, sponsor, licensor, or any other customer or user of the Web site, guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.

In many instances, the content available on the Web site represents the opinions and judgments of the respective merchants, suppliers, providers, sponsors, licensors, customers or users of the Web site, whether or not under contract with IMR MEDIA. IMR MEDIA neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, submission, posting, or statement made on the Web site by anyone other than authorized IMR MEDIA employees. Under no circumstances shall IMR MEDIA, or its affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any content or other information obtained through the Web site.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND EXPORT REGULATION

You agree to use this Web site and the content thereon in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations governing your use of our Web site.

ADVERTISING

Our Web site may contain third party advertisements and/or sponsorships. The advertisers and/or sponsors that provide these advertisements and sponsorships are solely responsible for insuring that the materials submitted for inclusion on the Web site are accurate and comply with all applicable laws. We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of any advertiser or sponsor.

CHOICE OF LAW/FORUM FOR DISPUTES/JURISDICTION

The validity, construction and performance of the Term of Use of this Web site and the legal relations between you and Organizer shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India, excepting its choice of law rules if the application of such rules would result in the laws of another jurisdiction being applied.

Any dispute between you and Organizerarising out of or relating in any way to your access or use of this Web site shall initially be addressed through confidential negotiations, which shall be treated as compromise and settlement negotiations under the relevant rules of evidence. If the matter in dispute has not been resolved within thirty (30) days of the initiating party’s written request for negotiation, the parties shall endeavour to first settle the dispute by mediation administered by the Indian rules. A neutral third party will be selected in accordance with the selection process. During the time period set forth below, mediation shall be the sole and exclusive procedure for resolution of any such dispute.

Any dispute between you and Organizerdescribed in the previous paragraph shall be brought before an alternative dispute resolution body within 50 kms of Organizer’s corporate headquarters as of the date of the initiating party’s written request for negotiation. You agree that any such body shall have personal jurisdiction over you for purposes of any such dispute. Further, any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered only in a court within 50 kms of Organizer’s corporate headquarters as of the date the award is rendered by the arbitrator. You agree that any such court shall have personal jurisdiction over you for purposes of any such judgment.

You agree that the cost of mediation and any subsequent arbitration as described above shall be split equally between you and Organizer.

Should mediation or arbitration as described herein not take place or not completely resolve a dispute for any reason, you agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from your use of our Web site shall be an appropriate court of law located in New Delhi, and you hereby submit to the jurisdiction of these courts.

Information Management:  The event platform may involve third-party services; participants are subject to the terms and conditions of those services. By registering to the event, each participant authorizes Organizer to use his email address(es) and mobile numbers, for dispatching information regarding the event and promotion of other events organized by Organizer. These details may also be transmitted to the organizing partners, This information will allow informing the participants about upcoming events and receiving information by email; with personalized communication including sending newsletters, special offers and special emails within the communication framework of the event. Moreover, Organizer reiterates that if the participant changes his mind and no longer wishes to receive certain categories of emails, he can at any moment contact us in order to keep us informed about these mailings.

Arbitration:  Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, the event, or the breach, termination, or validity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of Rules of Domestic Commercial Arbitration of the Indian Council of Arbitration, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) will not be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator, appointed by mutual agreement between the parties. The arbitration shall take place in New Delhi unless the parties mutually agree to a different location. All arbitration proceedings, including any awards, shall be confidential, and the parties shall maintain the confidentiality of the arbitration as required by law..